rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-4fvfr && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-ccf4q && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-nqf2l && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-nrjb4 && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-nwgd9 && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-nz8bq && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-rs2vs && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-s6dhp && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-s6sv7 && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-thh72 && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-v2gnj && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-vlkt5 && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-wm5j8 && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-jd4zb:p-xlzgk && rancher ps >> list本番.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-2x6kq && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-5gczp && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-d76k7 && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-hlcwp && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-jspbs && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-klwtk && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-kn2k4 && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-mhkjr && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-pstfs && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-q7hch && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-r2549 && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-ssskt && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-szr7g && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-t659m && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-wtxmd && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-mhdxl:p-ww8pb && rancher ps >> listQA.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-2rpkz && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-4mlqb && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-c5mkh && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-dnrxm && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-h8s9g && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-mrz8t && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-p6442 && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-rdtw8 && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-sslmv && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-xpk84 && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
rancher context switch c-qjmqt:p-xsplz && rancher ps >> listPCS.txt
